Validation: Added Missing Descriptions (#247)
MicrosoftDocs/bingmaps-docs: BingMaps/v8-web-control/map-control-concepts/clustering-module-examples/index.md

---
title: "Clustering Module Examples | Microsoft Docs"

> description: "Describes the Clustering module and provides a list of examples of the Clustering module and a list of additional references."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Describes the Clustering module with a list of examples and related topics."
```
